[Applause]
[Music]
right now not just point I loved it
these floats put see
sponsored derivation thousand of the
hundreds of is finished in 2008 and forward
he coined it dredged refreshing better from
established green
right now in silver at the silver
many of the current contracts
multiple no
raise your hands the boys
[Applause]
[Music]
above
[Applause]
up up
[Music]
July
now
[Music]
[Applause]
for life more than half friend for
me this rains is actually from
women what rivas
but of insurance
ah
[Music]
two
father
what will it be
two
[Applause]
d
no no no no
no no no
look
not for me
then it was the same
[Music]
tomás
it's more
the soul
[Applause]
we do not choose the woman of this one
s
be
neighborhood
thanks executive
arrival in the city
based on interest
Yes Yes Yes
a life
never
both
life
[Applause]